[jellyfin] Add support for server versions > 10.8 (#18628)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.jellyfin/README.md

# Jellyfin Binding

This is the binding for [Jellyfin](https://jellyfin.org), the volunteer built media solution that puts you in control of your media.
This binding allows you to interact with Jellyfin clients that supports remote control.
It is compatible and tested with Jellyfin servers from version `10.10.7`.
Earlier versions use a different API and are not supported.

## Binding - Configuration

Parameters to fine-tune server discovery.
For most users the default configuration will work.

| Parameter | Description                                        | Value      |
| --------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ---------- |
| Port      | Port used to query servers on local network(s)     | 0 - 65535  |

> | Timeout   | Maximum amount of time to wait for a response [ms] | 500 - 5000 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| discoveryPort      | Port used to query servers on local network(s)     | 0 - 65535  |
| discoveryTimeout   | Maximum amount of time to wait for a response [ms] | 500 - 5000 |
```

Author: #3220c241bd
